FAQUse: can I send below 100 percent private (#1200)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

There is also no `Send` button with watch-only wallets.
:::

:::details
### Can I send (privately) from my wallet when the privacy progress is below 100%?

Yes, you can always send from your wallet.
However, a best practice is to only send private funds.
Making your wallet 100% private [takes some time](FAQ-UseWasabi.md#how-long-does-it-take-to-make-my-wallet-100%-private), but in the mean time you can always send the (private) funds.

> So when your wallet is partially private (between 0 and 100% privacy progress) it is a best practice to only send the private available amount, to protect your privacy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So when your wallet is partially private (between 0 and 100% privacy progress) it is a best practice to only use the private available funds, to protect your privacy.
```
